you notice anything different about the
suit
is this a quiz we get it right - again
not a bonus but I want you to get it
right that means what I did worked
I'm gonna get it wrong on purpose time
for once in your life can you be bloody
normal yeah I'm normal very normal
[Music]
the book of love
as long
[Music]
it's for the floor
and heart-shaped boxes
things were too young to know
I love
you read to me
you
[Music]
I'll tell her friend is got the
continuum as normal that's myself in all
this
[Music]
this feeling if I can get through it all
hey what's up change me I don't think it
has I don't think I wanted to
[Music]
there isn't a moment I won't wait there
was the monitor to you you know that
funny
talk to me now
[Music]